Updates – Open Government Partnership – Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Tue, 08 Nov 2016 06:07:31 +0000 en-AU hourly 1
Have your say on Australia’s first Open Government National Action Plan
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/have-your-say-on-australias-first-open-government-national-action-plan/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/have-your-say-on-australias-first-open-government-national-action-plan/\#comments
Sun, 30 Oct 2016 22:21:02 +0000 ogpteam Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=670 UPDATE 8/11/2016: Following
stakeholder feedback, the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet
is extending the deadline for public submissions on Australia’s first
Open Government National Action Plan to 5pm AEDT on Friday 18 November
2016. The Government will consider changes &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/have-your-say-on-australias-first-open-government-national-action-plan/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/have-your-say-on-australias-first-open-government-national-action-plan/feed/
3
Report on the initial stages of consultation on Australia’s first
National Action Plan
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/report-on-the-initial-stages-of-consultation-on-australias-first-national-action-plan/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/report-on-the-initial-stages-of-consultation-on-australias-first-national-action-plan/\#respond
Thu, 20 Oct 2016 04:54:10 +0000 ogpteam Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=659 Ahead of the upcoming final stage of
consultation on Australia’s first Open Government National Action Plan,
PM&\#38;C is releasing engage2’s report on the public consultation
undertaken between November 2015 and April 2016. engage2 (a professional
stakeholder engagement consultancy) was engaged &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/report-on-the-initial-stages-of-consultation-on-australias-first-national-action-plan/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/report-on-the-initial-stages-of-consultation-on-australias-first-national-action-plan/feed/
0
Interim Working Group workshop
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-workshop/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-workshop/\#respond
Thu, 20 Oct 2016 01:12:32 +0000 ogpteam Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=655 On Friday 7 October 2016, the
Interim Working Group held a workshop at the Office of the Australian
Information Commissioner’s offices in Sydney. The Assistant Minister for
Cities and Digital Transformation, the Hon. Angus Taylor MP, attended
the morning session &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-workshop/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-workshop/feed/ 0
Next steps to finalise Australia’s first National Action Plan
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/next-steps-to-finalise-australias-first-national-action-plan/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/next-steps-to-finalise-australias-first-national-action-plan/\#respond
Mon, 17 Oct 2016 23:48:05 +0000 ogpteam Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=651 The Department of the Prime Minister
and Cabinet has written to the Open Government Partnership to confirm
the final steps in preparing Australia’s first National Action Plan. The
timeframe for developing the Plan has been extended to allow adequate
time for &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/next-steps-to-finalise-australias-first-national-action-plan/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/next-steps-to-finalise-australias-first-national-action-plan/feed/
0
Outcomes from the third meeting of the Interim Working Group
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-third-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-third-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/\#respond
Wed, 28 Sep 2016 03:48:38 +0000 ogpteam Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=647 On Monday 19 September 2016, the
Interim Working Group for Australia’s OGP National Action Plan held
their third meeting. The Interim Working Group made considerable
progress on developing potential commitments for the National Action
Plan. Meeting minutes can be accessed/downloaded &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-third-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-third-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/feed/
0
Fourth Inter-Departmental Committee meeting
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/fourth-inter-departmental-committee-meeting/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/fourth-inter-departmental-committee-meeting/\#respond
Tue, 27 Sep 2016 01:55:57 +0000 ogpteam Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=644 The Open Government Partnership
Inter-Departmental Committee (IDC) met for the fourth time on Friday, 16
September 2016. Members were updated on the progress made by the Interim
Working Group to co‑draft Australia’s first National Action Plan. In
attendance were: Attorney &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/fourth-inter-departmental-committee-meeting/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/fourth-inter-departmental-committee-meeting/feed/
0
Outcomes from the second meeting of the Interim Working Group
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-second-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-second-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/\#respond
Sun, 18 Sep 2016 23:42:09 +0000 ogpteam Updates Interim Working Group
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=637 On Tuesday 13 September 2016, the
Interim Working Group for Australia’s OGP National Action Plan met for
the second time. It was a positive and productive meeting with
substantial progress made in shaping commitments for the National Action
Plan. Meeting &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-second-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-second-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/feed/
0
Interim Working Group for Australia’s OGP National Action Plan – Agenda
and Papers – Meeting 2
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan-agenda-and-papers-meeting-2/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan-agenda-and-papers-meeting-2/\#respond
Mon, 12 Sep 2016 00:34:04 +0000 ogpteam Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=629 The second meeting of the Interim
Working Group for Australia’s OGP National Action Plan will be held in
Canberra on Tuesday, 13 September 2016. The final papers for the meeting
can be downloaded/accessed at the following links: Agenda: IWG &\#8211;
Meeting &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan-agenda-and-papers-meeting-2/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan-agenda-and-papers-meeting-2/feed/
0
Outcomes from the first meeting of the Interim Working Group
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-first-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-first-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/\#respond
Thu, 08 Sep 2016 23:41:40 +0000 ogpteam Updates Interim Working Group
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=627 On Monday 5 September, the
Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet convened the first meeting
of the Interim Working Group for Australia’s OGP National Action Plan.
Meeting minutes can be accessed/downloaded here: Meeting 1 &\#8211; 5
Sept &\#8211; Minutes Potential &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-first-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/outcomes-from-the-first-meeting-of-the-interim-working-group/feed/
0
Interim Working Group for Australia’s OGP National Action Plan – Meeting
1 Update
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan-meeting-1-update/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan-meeting-1-update/\#respond
Tue, 06 Sep 2016 03:15:41 +0000 ogpteam Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=615 Yesterday, the Interim Working Group
for Australia’s OGP National Action Plan met for the first time. Both
government and civil society members were keen to get down to the
business of co-drafting Australia’s first National Action Plan. The
group talked &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan-meeting-1-update/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan-meeting-1-update/feed/
0
