Comments on: Preparing the National Action Plan
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov 2016 00:39:34 +0000 hourly 1
By: amelialoye
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-154
amelialoye Thu, 10 Mar 2016 23:50:36 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-154 Thanks Lise.
This is a really helpful suggestion. &lt;p&gt;Thanks Lise. This is a
really helpful suggestion.&lt;/p&gt;
By: Lise Summers
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-71 Lise
Summers Fri, 04 Mar 2016 07:00:15 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-71 With regard to
models for such an enterprise, I can only endorse the NZ comparison and
strongly recommend that you look at the UK initiatives in relation to
open government and open data. Placing the open data strategy within the
ambit of the National Archives. along with Her Majestys&\#039;
Stationery Office, focuses on government information across all sectors
- creation, use, reuse and preservation.
http://www.opengovpartnership.org/country/united-kingdom &lt;p&gt;With
regard to models for such an enterprise, I can only endorse the NZ
comparison and strongly recommend that you look at the UK initiatives in
relation to open government and open data. Placing the open data
strategy within the ambit of the National Archives. along with Her
Majestys&\#8217; Stationery Office, focuses on government information
across all sectors &\#8211; creation, use, reuse and preservation.&lt;br
/&gt; &lt;a
href="http://www.opengovpartnership.org/country/united-kingdom"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://www.opengovpartnership.org/country/united-kingdom&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
By: amelialoye
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-61
amelialoye Wed, 02 Mar 2016 02:31:56 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-61 Hi Alysha - I
just noticed this comment had no response. State and Territories are
also welcome to submit their own applications to join the sub-national
pilot program recently introduced by the International Open Government
Partnership:
&\#060;http://www.opengovpartnership.org/how-it-works/subnational-government-pilot-program&\#034;.
I am engaging with State Government Open Government teams across the
Country, inviting them to submit an action to the National Action Plan.
I have been in touch with Gail from Premiers in SA. I&\#039;ll send you
an email so you have my contact details too. Amelia &lt;p&gt;Hi Alysha
&\#8211; I just noticed this comment had no response.&lt;br /&gt; State
and Territories are also welcome to submit their own applications to
join the sub-national pilot program recently introduced by the
International Open Government Partnership: &lt;&lt;a
href="http://www.opengovpartnership.org/how-it-works/subnational-government-pilot-program&\#038;quot"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://www.opengovpartnership.org/how-it-works/subnational-government-pilot-program&\#038;quot&lt;/a&gt;;.&lt;br
/&gt; I am engaging with State Government Open Government teams across
the Country, inviting them to submit an action to the National Action
Plan. I have been in touch with Gail from Premiers in SA.&lt;br /&gt;
I&\#039;ll send you an email so you have my contact details too.&lt;br
/&gt; Amelia&lt;/p&gt;
By: Alysha Thomas - South Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-56 Alysha
Thomas - South Australia Tue, 12 Jan 2016 22:35:36 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-56 How are State and
Territory Governments able to participate in the Open Government
Partnership? Will the Action Plan seek to identify actions specific to
State and Territories Governments? What about Local Council?
&lt;p&gt;How are State and Territory Governments able to participate in
the Open Government Partnership? Will the Action Plan seek to identify
actions specific to State and Territories Governments? &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;What about Local Council?&lt;/p&gt;
By: John Michelmore
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-50 John
Michelmore Mon, 21 Dec 2015 20:58:07 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-50 Bill, Thanks for
your suggestions on improving government and the Australian economy. I
agree with you!! &lt;p&gt;Bill, Thanks for your suggestions on improving
government and the Australian economy. I agree with you!!&lt;/p&gt;
By: bill leivesley
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-49 bill
leivesley Mon, 21 Dec 2015 00:37:13 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-49 Hi Pia, As I
mentioned above public services would be improved by cutting
Commonwealth Public servant numbers. With nothing useful to do the
redundant public servants hold endless talkfests and suggest and impose
layers of regulations that suffocate private companies from growing
GDP,growing employment and being productive. For example. why does the
Commonwealth have 4000 plus servants in the department of Health and
Ageing which is really a state responsibility? This is why Australia is
heading inevitably into a 2016 recession despite excessive government
spending temporarily propping up the economy. &lt;p&gt;Hi Pia,&lt;br
/&gt; As I mentioned above public services would be improved by cutting
Commonwealth Public servant numbers. With nothing useful to do the
redundant public servants hold endless talkfests and suggest and impose
layers of regulations that suffocate private companies from growing
GDP,growing employment and being productive. For example. why does the
Commonwealth have 4000 plus servants in the department of Health and
Ageing which is really a state responsibility?&lt;br /&gt; This is why
Australia is heading inevitably into a 2016 recession despite excessive
government spending temporarily propping up the economy.&lt;/p&gt;
By: Pia Waugh
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-48 Pia
Waugh Sun, 20 Dec 2015 20:59:04 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-48 Hi Bill, thanks
for the comment but it is worth noting that there is no national action
plan at this stage, it is being developed over the coming 5 months, so
we are curious about what you are commenting on. If you have any
specific ideas about how to improve open government, please feel free to
contribute to the consultation. Warm regards, Pia Waugh &lt;p&gt;Hi
Bill, thanks for the comment but it is worth noting that there is no
national action plan at this stage, it is being developed over the
coming 5 months, so we are curious about what you are commenting on. If
you have any specific ideas about how to improve open government, please
feel free to contribute to the consultation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Warm
regards,&lt;br /&gt; Pia Waugh&lt;/p&gt;
By: bill leivesley
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-47 bill
leivesley Sat, 19 Dec 2015 08:55:33 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-47 This national
action plan is so convoluted and intangible it reads like a Greens
initiative . All flourishes but completely hollow. To advance Australia
our bloated commonwealth and state public servants must be drastically
reduced in number. The Australian newspaper\`s research today showed
their employment conditions to be so much better than the private
sector. Furthermore overseas studies show that for every public or quasi
public sector job create between three to six jobs are lost in the
private secots due to subsequent regulations and costs. Turnbull\`s
failure to cut or at least freeze service numbers indicates an
unbelievable oversight or psychological capture by the Canberrs public
service. Real actions not grandiose statements are needed as we plunge
further down the steepening deficit slope. &lt;p&gt;This national action
plan is so convoluted and intangible it reads like a Greens initiative .
All flourishes but completely hollow.&lt;br /&gt; To advance Australia
our bloated commonwealth and state public servants must be drastically
reduced in number. The Australian newspaper\`s research today showed
their employment conditions to be so much better than the private
sector.&lt;br /&gt; Furthermore overseas studies show that for every
public or quasi public sector job create between three to six jobs are
lost in the private secots due to subsequent regulations and
costs.&lt;br /&gt; Turnbull\`s failure to cut or at least freeze service
numbers indicates an unbelievable oversight or psychological capture by
the Canberrs public service.&lt;br /&gt; Real actions not grandiose
statements are needed as we plunge further down the steepening deficit
slope.&lt;/p&gt;
By: John Michelmore
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-46 John
Michelmore Sat, 19 Dec 2015 08:00:02 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-46 I can&\#039;t
help but be extremely wary of this process. Having been involved in
Senate Inquiries that achieve absolutely nothing in the past, even
though the majority want change. I can&\#039;t see myself wasting time
doing submissions that achieve nothing! Australia&\#039;s financial
position is deteriorating quickly and it is unlikely the government can
pick winners. Private enterprise is the only thing that can save our
country, a National Action Plan run by Government won&\#039;t achieve
much at all. Government just needs to get out of the way, but they
won&\#039;t until the economy collapses or the global bankers turn the
money off? &lt;p&gt;I can&\#8217;t help but be extremely wary of this
process.&lt;br /&gt; Having been involved in Senate Inquiries that
achieve absolutely nothing in the past, even though the majority want
change. I can&\#8217;t see myself wasting time doing submissions that
achieve nothing!&lt;br /&gt; Australia&\#8217;s financial position is
deteriorating quickly and it is unlikely the government can pick
winners. Private enterprise is the only thing that can save our country,
a National Action Plan run by Government won&\#8217;t achieve much at
all. Government just needs to get out of the way, but they won&\#8217;t
until the economy collapses or the global bankers turn the money
off?&lt;/p&gt;
By: Nigel Hedgcock
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/national-action-plan/\#comment-44 Nigel
Hedgcock Thu, 17 Dec 2015 05:26:53 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?page\_id=150\#comment-44 I am encouraged
that the Australian Government is progressing to membership of the OGP,
particularly considering the foundational principle of engaging civil
society in government decision-making. This is increasing being
demonstrated in social purpose programs where those the programs are
intended to impact are engaged in the decisions on the design, delivery
and evaluation of those programs. However, I am surprised that the
current engagement for gaining membership does not embody that very
principle. Informations session in four major cities and limited
consultation structures immediately disengages and potentailly loses the
trust of many sectors of civil society. It is those most disadvantaged
that will be impacted most by this approach to ‘engagement’ &lt;p&gt;I
am encouraged that the Australian Government is progressing to
membership of the OGP, particularly considering the foundational
principle of engaging civil society in government decision-making. This
is increasing being demonstrated in social purpose programs where those
the programs are intended to impact are engaged in the decisions on the
design, delivery and evaluation of those programs.&lt;br /&gt; However,
I am surprised that the current engagement for gaining membership does
not embody that very principle. Informations session in four major
cities and limited consultation structures immediately disengages and
potentailly loses the trust of many sectors of civil society. It is
those most disadvantaged that will be impacted most by this approach to
‘engagement’&lt;/p&gt;
