Pia Waugh – Open Government Partnership – Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Tue, 08 Nov 2016 06:07:31 +0000 en-AU hourly 1
Consultation Stage 2: Commitments Drafting and Live Event
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-2-commitments-drafting-and-live-event/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-2-commitments-drafting-and-live-event/\#comments
Mon, 14 Dec 2015 09:11:01 +0000 Pia Waugh Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=353 The second stage of the OGPau public
consultation is about starting to flesh out the NAP skeleton document
with ideas about possible commitments, success criteria, roles and
responsibilities, mechanisms to monitor and track progress, and how we
all go about &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-2-commitments-drafting-and-live-event/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-2-commitments-drafting-and-live-event/feed/
2
Register to attend an OGP Australia information session
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/\#comments
Mon, 30 Nov 2015 05:30:16 +0000 Pia Waugh Updates Consultation events
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=343 To support the OGP consultation
process to develop an Australian Government National Action Plan by July
2016, we are running a series of information sessions in the week of
14-18 December in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra. The Canberra
session &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/feed/
4
Consultation Stage 1: Preparation, Framework and History
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-history/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-history/\#comments
Mon, 16 Nov 2015 20:49:44 +0000 Pia Waugh Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223 The Open Government Partnership
(OGP) is a global effort to make governments more open and responsive to
the changing needs of citizens. To complete membership, the Australian
Government will develop a National Action Plan by the end of June 2016
to &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-history/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-history/feed/
12
