engagement – Open Government Partnership – Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Tue, 08 Nov 2016 06:07:31 +0000 en-AU hourly 1
Announcing the members of the Interim Working Group for Australia’s OGP
National Action Plan
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/announcing-the-members-of-the-interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/announcing-the-members-of-the-interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan/\#respond
Tue, 30 Aug 2016 07:47:15 +0000 ogpteam Updates Consultation engagement
Interim Working Group http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=587 The Department
of the Prime Minister and Cabinet is pleased to announce the members of
the Interim Working Group for Australia’s Open Government Partnership
(OGP) National Action Plan. The Group is comprised of six government and
six non-government members, keeping &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/announcing-the-members-of-the-interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/announcing-the-members-of-the-interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan/feed/
0
Engagement update – 1st March
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/\#comments Mon, 29 Feb 2016
13:47:15 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates Consultation
engagement http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=461 OGP engagement update
&\#8211; 1st March by Amelia Loye engage2 It&\#8217;s a great honour to
be supporting the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet (PM&\#38;C)
to engage civil society in Open Government. I have had a wonderful
couple of weeks &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/"&gt;Continue reading
&lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/feed/ 2
