Toby Bellwood – Open Government Partnership – Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Tue, 08 Nov 2016 06:07:31 +0000 en-AU hourly 1
Second Inter-Departmental Committee meeting
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/second-idc/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/second-idc/\#comments Wed, 06 Apr 2016
07:03:24 +0000 Toby Bellwood Updates IDC
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=523 On Tuesday 5 April, the Government
convened a second interdepartmental committee (IDC) meeting on the Open
Government Partnership. The meeting covered the public submissions
received to date, discussed attendance at the public workshop to be held
on Monday 11 April, &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/second-idc/"&gt;Continue reading
&lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/second-idc/feed/ 3
Interdepartmental Committee Meeting – 24th February
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/\#comments Tue, 01 Mar
2016 03:49:35 +0000 Toby Bellwood Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=474 On Wednesday 24 February, the
Government furthered its internal Open Government Partnership
consultations with an interdepartmental committee (IDC) meeting. The
meeting covered the OGP organisation, our engagement to date and the
requirements for developing a National Action Plan. The agencies
&\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/feed/ 4
Submission from the Australian Open Government Network (AOGPN)
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/\#comments Tue, 02 Feb
2016 22:54:39 +0000 Toby Bellwood Submissions Received
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=383 This is a full reproduction of a
submission received from the Australian Open Government Network on
February 2 2016. &\#160; Australian Open Government network I am writing
on behalf of the Steering Committee of the Australian Open Government
Partnership Network &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/feed/ 3
January update from the coordination team
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/january-update/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/january-update/\#respond Fri, 29 Jan 2016
05:38:35 +0000 Toby Bellwood Updates http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=379
Happy New Year! We hope you all had a safe and enjoyable holiday period.
Our team took a short break to recoup and have now well and truly
started 2016 by making significant headway on a number of priorities.
This &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/january-update/"&gt;Continue reading
&lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/january-update/feed/ 0
