Comments on: Register to attend an OGP Australia information session
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/
Developing the Australian Government National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov
2016 00:39:34 +0000 hourly 1
By: You can contribute to the Open Government National Action Plan |
OpenAus
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/\#comment-33
You can contribute to the Open Government National Action Plan &\#124;
OpenAus Sun, 13 Dec 2015 21:32:41 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=343\#comment-33 \[&\#8230;\] Many people
will not be aware that information sessions on how to contribute to the
National Action Plan are being held around the country this
week: http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/
\[&\#8230;\] &lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\] Many people will not be aware that
information sessions on how to contribute to the National Action Plan
are being held around the country this
week: http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/
\[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
By: David Harper
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/\#comment-32
David Harper Sun, 13 Dec 2015 18:56:03 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=343\#comment-32 I am a member of the
Accountability Round Table &lt;p&gt;I am a member of the Accountability
Round Table&lt;/p&gt;
By: Pia Waugh
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/\#comment-15
Pia Waugh Wed, 02 Dec 2015 00:18:36 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=343\#comment-15 Apologies, but there is
not an event planned for Perth. Please participate in the Canberra event
through the live streaming. Cheers, Pia &lt;p&gt;Apologies, but there is
not an event planned for Perth. Please participate in the Canberra event
through the live streaming.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Cheers,&lt;br /&gt;
Pia&lt;/p&gt;
By: Helen Cripps
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/\#comment-13
Helen Cripps Tue, 01 Dec 2015 07:39:26 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=343\#comment-13 Are there any events
planned for Perth? Do I need to register for the live stream from
Canberra? &lt;p&gt;Are there any events planned for Perth? Do I need to
register for the live stream from Canberra?&lt;/p&gt;
