Comments on: What I’m learning about Open Gov in Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/
Developing the Australian Government National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov
2016 00:39:34 +0000 hourly 1
By: amelialoye
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/\#comment-373
amelialoye Sat, 09 Apr 2016 00:28:05 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=490\#comment-373 Thanks for adding this
Megan. I&\#039;ll update my post after the workshop Monday. Amelia
&lt;p&gt;Thanks for adding this Megan. I&\#8217;ll update my post after
the workshop Monday. Amelia&lt;/p&gt;
By: Meg. R.
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/\#comment-353
Meg. R. Tue, 05 Apr 2016 07:57:21 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=490\#comment-353 The list appears
comprehensive-ish, and forgive me if I have missed the mark when it
comes to accessing government records, information and data. All
jurisdictions will have an Records/Archives authority. Each of which
provides access to records that are in jurisdictions open access period.
Open access periods vary in each state and territory - but it still it
is an opportunity and function that has been over-looked in this list.
Federal/Commonwealth: National Archives of Australia - (and reading
through the site, I have seen that they have provided some comment on
some parts) Under the Archives Act 1983, the National Archives has two
main roles: - to preserve Australia’s most valuable government records
and encourage their use by the public; and - to promote good records
management by Australian Government agencies. In fulfilling these
responsibilities, we ensure that Australians have access to a national
archival collection so they may better understand their heritage and
democracy (taken directly from their website - about us) They have a
records search function and also areading room which provides
appropriate access to commonewealth held records to australian
community. http://www.naa.gov.au/visit-us/reading-rooms/index.aspx ACT:
Territory Records/ArchiveACT:
http://www.archives.act.gov.au/Request\_a\_record QLD: Queensland State
Archives (QSA):
http://www.archives.qld.gov.au/Researchers/Runcorn/Pages/Searchroom.aspx
VIC: Public Records Office of Victoria (PROV)
http://access.prov.vic.gov.au/public/component/daPublicBaseContainer?component=daAccess&\#038;componentLabel=Access%20the%20Collection&\#038;breadcrumbPath=Home/Access%20the%20Collection
NSW: State Records NSW:
http://www.records.nsw.gov.au/state-archives/the-state-archives-collection
WA: State Records Office of Western Australia
http://www.sro.wa.gov.au/archive-collection SA: State Records of South
Australia http://www.archives.sa.gov.au/content/archive TAS: Tasmanian
Archives and Heritage http://search.archives.tas.gov.au/Default.aspx NT:
Northern Territory Archives Service http://artsandmuseums.nt.gov.au/ntas
Open Government is a great initiative and there is so much opportunity
to be reaped for the community at large by knowing the full complement
of services available in accessing government records. &lt;p&gt;The list
appears comprehensive-ish, and forgive me if I have missed the mark when
it comes to accessing government records, information and
data.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;All jurisdictions will have an Records/Archives
authority. Each of which provides access to records that are in
jurisdictions open access period. Open access periods vary in each state
and territory &\#8211; but it still it is an opportunity and function
that has been over-looked in this list.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Federal/Commonwealth:&lt;br /&gt; National Archives of
Australia &\#8211; (and reading through the site, I have seen that they
have provided some comment on some parts)&lt;br /&gt; Under the Archives
Act 1983, the National Archives has two main roles:&lt;br /&gt; &\#8211;
to preserve Australia’s most valuable government records and encourage
their use by the public; and&lt;br /&gt; &\#8211; to promote good
records management by Australian Government agencies.&lt;br /&gt; In
fulfilling these responsibilities, we ensure that Australians have
access to a national archival collection so they may better understand
their heritage and democracy (taken directly from their website &\#8211;
about us)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;They have a records search function and
also areading room which provides appropriate access to commonewealth
held records to australian community.&lt;br /&gt; &lt;a
href="http://www.naa.gov.au/visit-us/reading-rooms/index.aspx"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://www.naa.gov.au/visit-us/reading-rooms/index.aspx&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;ACT:&lt;br /&gt; Territory Records/ArchiveACT:&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;a href="http://www.archives.act.gov.au/Request\_a\_record"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://www.archives.act.gov.au/Request\_a\_record&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;QLD:&lt;br /&gt; Queensland State Archives (QSA):&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;a
href="http://www.archives.qld.gov.au/Researchers/Runcorn/Pages/Searchroom.aspx"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://www.archives.qld.gov.au/Researchers/Runcorn/Pages/Searchroom.aspx&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;VIC:&lt;br /&gt; Public Records Office of Victoria (PROV)&lt;br
/&gt; &lt;a
href="http://access.prov.vic.gov.au/public/component/daPublicBaseContainer?component=daAccess&\#038;componentLabel=Access%20the%20Collection&\#038;breadcrumbPath=Home/Access%20the%20Collection"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://access.prov.vic.gov.au/public/component/daPublicBaseContainer?component=daAccess&\#038;componentLabel=Access%20the%20Collection&\#038;breadcrumbPath=Home/Access%20the%20Collection&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;NSW:&lt;br /&gt; State Records NSW:&lt;br /&gt; &lt;a
href="http://www.records.nsw.gov.au/state-archives/the-state-archives-collection"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://www.records.nsw.gov.au/state-archives/the-state-archives-collection&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;WA:&lt;br /&gt; State Records Office of Western Australia&lt;br
/&gt; &lt;a href="http://www.sro.wa.gov.au/archive-collection"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://www.sro.wa.gov.au/archive-collection&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;SA:&lt;br /&gt; State Records of South Australia&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;a href="http://www.archives.sa.gov.au/content/archive"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://www.archives.sa.gov.au/content/archive&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;TAS:&lt;br /&gt; Tasmanian Archives and Heritage&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;a href="http://search.archives.tas.gov.au/Default.aspx"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://search.archives.tas.gov.au/Default.aspx&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;NT:&lt;br /&gt; Northern Territory Archives Service&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;a href="http://artsandmuseums.nt.gov.au/ntas"
rel="nofollow"&gt;http://artsandmuseums.nt.gov.au/ntas&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Open Government is a great initiative and there is so much
opportunity to be reaped for the community at large by knowing the full
complement of services available in accessing government
records.&lt;/p&gt;
By: Engagement update – 11 March | Open Government Partnership –
Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/\#comment-175
Engagement update &\#8211; 11 March &\#124; Open Government Partnership
&\#8211; Australia Fri, 11 Mar 2016 10:08:43 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=490\#comment-175 \[&\#8230;\] Open
Government in Australia. I thought you might too, so I have also drafted
this blog post about What I have learned about Open Gov in Australia
which I will update as I continue to \[&\#8230;\] &lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\]
Open Government in Australia. I thought you might too, so I have also
drafted this blog post about What I have learned about Open Gov in
Australia which I will update as I continue to \[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
