Comments on: OGPAU theme teleconference times
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/ Developing
the Australian Government National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov 2016 00:39:34
+0000 hourly 1
By: Open government and inequality ‚Äì two sides of the same coin? |
OpenAus
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/\#comment-476
Open government and inequality &\#8211; two sides of the same coin?
&\#124; OpenAus Thu, 21 Apr 2016 04:17:47 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=513\#comment-476 \[&\#8230;\] in video
conferencing for job search or participating in government consultations
(such as were set up recently prior to the drafting of the OGP National
Action Plan). The live drafting event for \[&\#8230;\]
&lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\] in video conferencing for job search or
participating in government consultations (such as were set up recently
prior to the drafting of the OGP National Action Plan). The live
drafting event for \[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
By: amelialoye
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/\#comment-324
amelialoye Tue, 29 Mar 2016 06:46:44 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=513\#comment-324 Here is the link to
RSVP for the Ongoing Engagement for OGP event
https://www.eventbrite.com.au/e/invitation-to-ogpau-national-action-plan-engagement-for-ogp-workshop-tickets-23963787333
&lt;p&gt;Here is the link to RSVP for the Ongoing Engagement for OGP
event &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com.au/e/invitation-to-ogpau-national-action-plan-engagement-for-ogp-workshop-tickets-23963787333"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com.au/e/invitation-to-ogpau-national-action-plan-engagement-for-ogp-workshop-tickets-23963787333&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
By: amelialoye
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/\#comment-323
amelialoye Tue, 29 Mar 2016 06:41:11 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=513\#comment-323 Hi Henare. Thanks for
posting the links Henare. I invited everyone who had suggested an action
under a theme to attend and posted the link to register on the wiki
pages for each theme. These events are being held to encourage and
complement three way engagement on the wiki. I am also adding summaries
of discussions on each theme pages of the wiki to boost three way
engagement. The intent is to be as available as I can to those of you
suggesting actions before submissions close Thursday. My team scheduled
the Ongoing Engagement session as our first event, but I thought it
should be last based on theme based discussions so needed to modify in
eventbrite before posting the link. Those who have suggested actions
under this theme received an email invitation on Thursday. I&\#039;ve
been unwell this weekend and in teleconferences most of today so forgot
to post it on the theme - thanks for the reminder. Amelia &lt;p&gt;Hi
Henare. Thanks for posting the links Henare. I invited everyone who had
suggested an action under a theme to attend and posted the link to
register on the wiki pages for each theme. These events are being held
to encourage and complement three way engagement on the wiki. I am also
adding summaries of discussions on each theme pages of the wiki to boost
three way engagement. The intent is to be as available as I can to those
of you suggesting actions before submissions close Thursday. My team
scheduled the Ongoing Engagement session as our first event, but I
thought it should be last based on theme based discussions so needed to
modify in eventbrite before posting the link. Those who have suggested
actions under this theme received an email invitation on Thursday.
I&\#8217;ve been unwell this weekend and in teleconferences most of
today so forgot to post it on the theme &\#8211; thanks for the
reminder. Amelia&lt;/p&gt;
By: Henare Degan
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/\#comment-321
Henare Degan Tue, 29 Mar 2016 05:19:47 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=513\#comment-321 &\#062;I apologise for
the late notice but it is okay if you can not attend you might like to
introduce yourself and comment on other actions through the wiki. Gosh.
There&\#039;s late notice and then there&\#039;s late notice :-( I
appreciate getting an email invite (since I didn&\#039;t hear about this
any other way) but the email was sent after close of business on a 4 day
long Easter weekend for a call happening the day everyone&\#039;s back
from holidays (not to mention 2 days out from the deadline). I&\#039;m
very disappointed to be unable to participate due to this lack of
notice. &\#062;I have also posted links under each themes in the wiki so
you can register for events and access the teleconference details. Why
not link them here so they&\#039;re accessible: Tuesday the 29th March:
\* 13:00 ‚Äì 14:00 Fiscal Transparency -
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/invitation-to-ogpau-national-action-plan-fiscal-transparency-workshop-tickets-23964131362
\* 14:30 ‚Äì 15:30 Fostering innovation -
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-government-integrity-workshop-tickets-23964773282
\* 15:30 ‚Äì 16:30 Freedom of Information -
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-freedom-of-information-workshop-tickets-23964446304
\* 16:30 ‚Äì 17:30 Government Integrity -
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-fostering-innovation-workshop-tickets-23964357037
Wednesday the 30th March: \* 12:00 ‚Äì 13:00 Open Data -
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-open-data-workshop-tickets-23964922729
\* 13:00 ‚Äì 14:00 Public Service Delivery -
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-public-service-delivery-workshop-tickets-23965031053
\* 14:30 ‚Äì 15:30 Resource Management -
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-resource-management-workshop-tickets-23965156428
\* 15:30 ‚Äì 16:30 Public Participation -
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-public-participation-workshop-tickets-23965277791
\* 17:00 ‚Äì 18:00 Ongoing Engagement for OGPAU - &quot;If you have not
received an invitation and you would like to attend please get in
touch.&quot; Is the final teleconference intentionally invite only? I
might try to make that since it&\#039;s the one with the most lead time.
&lt;p&gt;&gt;I apologise for the late notice but it is okay if you can
not attend you might like to introduce yourself and comment on other
actions through the wiki.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Gosh. There&\#8217;s late
notice and then there&\#8217;s late notice üôÅ&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;I
appreciate getting an email invite (since I didn&\#8217;t hear about
this any other way) but the email was sent after close of business on a
4 day long Easter weekend for a call happening the day everyone&\#8217;s
back from holidays (not to mention 2 days out from the
deadline).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;I&\#8217;m very disappointed to be unable
to participate due to this lack of notice.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&gt;I have
also posted links under each themes in the wiki so you can register for
events and access the teleconference details.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Why not
link them here so they&\#8217;re accessible:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Tuesday
the 29th March:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;\* 13:00 ‚Äì 14:00 Fiscal Transparency
&\#8211; &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/invitation-to-ogpau-national-action-plan-fiscal-transparency-workshop-tickets-23964131362"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com/e/invitation-to-ogpau-national-action-plan-fiscal-transparency-workshop-tickets-23964131362&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br
/&gt; \* 14:30 ‚Äì 15:30 Fostering innovation &\#8211; &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-government-integrity-workshop-tickets-23964773282"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-government-integrity-workshop-tickets-23964773282&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br
/&gt; \* 15:30 ‚Äì 16:30 Freedom of Information &\#8211; &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-freedom-of-information-workshop-tickets-23964446304"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-freedom-of-information-workshop-tickets-23964446304&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br
/&gt; \* 16:30 ‚Äì 17:30 Government Integrity &\#8211; &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-fostering-innovation-workshop-tickets-23964357037"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-fostering-innovation-workshop-tickets-23964357037&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Wednesday the 30th March:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;\* 12:00 ‚Äì 13:00
Open Data &\#8211; &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-open-data-workshop-tickets-23964922729"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-open-data-workshop-tickets-23964922729&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br
/&gt; \* 13:00 ‚Äì 14:00 Public Service Delivery &\#8211; &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-public-service-delivery-workshop-tickets-23965031053"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-public-service-delivery-workshop-tickets-23965031053&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br
/&gt; \* 14:30 ‚Äì 15:30 Resource Management &\#8211; &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-resource-management-workshop-tickets-23965156428"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-resource-management-workshop-tickets-23965156428&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br
/&gt; \* 15:30 ‚Äì 16:30 Public Participation &\#8211; &lt;a
href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-public-participation-workshop-tickets-23965277791"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ogpau-national-action-plan-public-participation-workshop-tickets-23965277791&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br
/&gt; \* 17:00 ‚Äì 18:00 Ongoing Engagement for OGPAU &\#8211; &\#8220;If
you have not received an invitation and you would like to attend please
get in touch.&\#8221;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Is the final teleconference
intentionally invite only? I might try to make that since it&\#8217;s
the one with the most lead time.&lt;/p&gt;
By: amelialoye
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/\#comment-319
amelialoye Tue, 29 Mar 2016 01:13:31 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=513\#comment-319 I have also posted
links under each themes in the wiki so you can register for events and
access the teleconference details. &lt;p&gt;I have also posted links
under each themes in the wiki so you can register for events and access
the teleconference details.&lt;/p&gt;
