Consultation Stage Updates – Open Government Partnership – Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Tue, 08 Nov 2016 06:07:31 +0000 en-AU hourly 1
OGP Update – 3 August
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogpau-update-3-august/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogpau-update-3-august/\#comments Wed, 03
Aug 2016 07:17:54 +0000 ogpteam Consultation Stage Updates Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=557 The Department of the Prime Minister
and Cabinet (PM&\#38;C) will be seeking to further engage with the
public, civil society organisations and other interest groups over the
course of August and September to finalise the Australian Government’s
2016 National Action &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogpau-update-3-august/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogpau-update-3-august/feed/ 1
Results of the co-creation workshop and ongoing engagement
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/results-of-the-co-creation-workshop-and-ongoing-engagement/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/results-of-the-co-creation-workshop-and-ongoing-engagement/\#comments
Mon, 18 Apr 2016 05:43:56 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=546 Last Monday, 11th April 2016, we
held the co-creation workshop for Australia&\#8217;s first National
Action Plan (NAP) for Open Government. Stakeholders from civil society
and Government came together in Canberra to discuss suggest actions,
prioritise them and draft commitment templates. &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/results-of-the-co-creation-workshop-and-ongoing-engagement/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/results-of-the-co-creation-workshop-and-ongoing-engagement/feed/
2
Stage three: prioritisation and drafting workshop
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/stage-three-prioritisation-and-drafting-workshop/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/stage-three-prioritisation-and-drafting-workshop/\#respond
Sat, 09 Apr 2016 02:22:37 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=528 Submissions for the Australia’s
first National Action Plan for Open Government have now closed. You can
view and comment on the suggested actions on the wiki. This marks the
end of Stage 2 of our engagement process, which was designed &\#8230;
&lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/stage-three-prioritisation-and-drafting-workshop/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/stage-three-prioritisation-and-drafting-workshop/feed/
0
OGPAU theme teleconference times
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/\#comments
Thu, 24 Mar 2016 02:44:57 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
Updates http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=513 If you have suggested an
action for Australian National Action Plan for Open Government you will
received an invite to a teleconference with others whose actions relate
to the same theme from me shortly. The purpose of the teleconferences is
&\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/feed/ 5
Engagement update – 11 March
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-11-march/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-11-march/\#comments Fri,
11 Mar 2016 02:04:59 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=482 Thank you to those if you who have
suggested an action to date. 60 actions have been suggested and
I&\#8217;m aware of a few more currently being drafted. I have reached
out to as many groups and individuals I can &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-11-march/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-11-march/feed/ 1
What I’m learning about Open Gov in Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/\#comments
Fri, 11 Mar 2016 02:03:21 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=490 I’ve really enjoyed meeting with the
teams responsible for Open Government initiatives inside Government
across Australia. I have talked at length or met with representatives
from QLD, NSW, VIC, SA, ACT and WA Government’s but I am still trying to
&\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/feed/
3
Engagement update – 1st March
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/\#comments Mon, 29 Feb 2016
13:47:15 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates Consultation
engagement http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=461 OGP engagement update
&\#8211; 1st March by Amelia Loye engage2 It&\#8217;s a great honour to
be supporting the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet (PM&\#38;C)
to engage civil society in Open Government. I have had a wonderful
couple of weeks &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/"&gt;Continue reading
&lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/feed/ 2
Consultation Stage 2: Commitments Drafting and Live Event
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-2-commitments-drafting-and-live-event/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-2-commitments-drafting-and-live-event/\#comments
Mon, 14 Dec 2015 09:11:01 +0000 Pia Waugh Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=353 The second stage of the OGPau public
consultation is about starting to flesh out the NAP skeleton document
with ideas about possible commitments, success criteria, roles and
responsibilities, mechanisms to monitor and track progress, and how we
all go about &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-2-commitments-drafting-and-live-event/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-2-commitments-drafting-and-live-event/feed/
2
Consultation Stage 1: Preparation, Framework and History
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-history/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-history/\#comments
Mon, 16 Nov 2015 20:49:44 +0000 Pia Waugh Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223 The Open Government Partnership
(OGP) is a global effort to make governments more open and responsive to
the changing needs of citizens. To complete membership, the Australian
Government will develop a National Action Plan by the end of June 2016
to &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-history/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-history/feed/
12
