Comments on: Interdepartmental Committee Meeting – 24th February
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/ Developing the
Australian Government National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov 2016 00:39:34
+0000 hourly 1
By: Will the Open Government National Action Plan transform anything? |
OpenAus
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/\#comment-219 Will the
Open Government National Action Plan transform anything? &\#124; OpenAus
Wed, 16 Mar 2016 01:39:46 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=474\#comment-219 \[&\#8230;\] absence of
the AIHW from the NAP takes some explaining yet it was yours truly who
was asked to explain to the OGP why they should \[&\#8230;\]
&lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\] absence of the AIHW from the NAP takes some
explaining yet it was yours truly who was asked to explain to the OGP
why they should \[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
By: Draft email to the OGP | OpenAus
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/\#comment-202 Draft
email to the OGP &\#124; OpenAus Mon, 14 Mar 2016 04:57:37 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=474\#comment-202 \[&\#8230;\] Welfare to
the list of agencies engaged with the OGP National Action Plan
(currently listed at http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/)
with a formal request via \[&\#8230;\] &lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\] Welfare to
the list of agencies engaged with the OGP National Action Plan
(currently listed at http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/)
with a formal request via \[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
By: Tell us how the AIHW is relevant to better government | OpenAus
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/\#comment-198 Tell us
how the AIHW is relevant to better government &\#124; OpenAus Mon, 14
Mar 2016 00:23:24 +0000 http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=474\#comment-198
\[&\#8230;\] seeing the list of organisations signed up to engage with
the National Action Plan process it dawned on me that missing from this
list was the \[&\#8230;\] &lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\] seeing the list of
organisations signed up to engage with the National Action Plan process
it dawned on me that missing from this list was the
\[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
By: Your chance to make a difference with open data & the OGP | OpenAus
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/idc-24th-february/\#comment-165 Your
chance to make a difference with open data &\#038; the OGP &\#124;
OpenAus Fri, 11 Mar 2016 05:24:51 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=474\#comment-165 \[&\#8230;\] Plan can
be held accountable for. A key aspect of the National Action Plan is
that it requires agencies to come on board and help deliver the
Commitments that come out of the consultation (on now) and provides
community \[&\#8230;\] &lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\] Plan can be held
accountable for. A key aspect of the National Action Plan is that it
requires agencies to come on board and help deliver the Commitments that
come out of the consultation (on now) and provides community
\[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
