<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/ Developing the Australian Government National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov
2016 00:39:34 +0000 hourly 1
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-53
CDATA[National Archives of Australia]]> Thu, 07 Jan 2016 22:07:32 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-53
CDATA[This comment is provided by the National Archives of Australia (the
National Archives). The National Archives was established by the Archives Act
1983 as an executive agency of the Australian Government, although it has
existed in various forms since the 1940s. The National Archives is the lead
agency for ensuring transparency and accountability in government through its
legislated role of setting records and information management requirements for
Australian Government agencies, and preserving and providing a public right of
access to government information. Open government increases the transparency
and accountability of government, encourages greater public engagement,
strengthens governance and improves public service delivery. The National
Archives plays a key role in open government by promoting the creation,
management and preservation of authentic, reliable and usable Commonwealth
information, and facilitating access to this information. The Archives Act 1983
provides a broad definition of records and effectively covers all information
created, used or received in the course of Commonwealth business. Under the
Archives Act 1983 (Cth) (Archives Act), the National Archives: â¢ identifies
the archival resources of the Commonwealth; â¢ preserves and makes the
archival resources of the Commonwealth accessible; â¢ oversees Commonwealth
records management; â¢ determines standards and provides advice to
Commonwealth agencies; and â¢ imposes recordkeeping obligations in respect of
Commonwealth records. Ready access to this information is vital for maintaining
the transparency of the democratic process and the accountability of successive
governments, and is integral to a successful open government policy. It is from
this perspective and with this legislated role that the National Archives
provides the following observations and comments on the Vision and the
framework for the National Action Plan. Vision The National Archives supports a
Vision that commits to the improved management of, and accessibility to,
information and records. A key element of this is a move to fully digital
information management and business processes across the Australian government
sector. This aligns with key commitments identified in the National Action
Plans of the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. It also aligns with
the example Vision statement provided that âOpen government in the 21st
century needs to translate to digital processes and reporting to improve
transparency and accountabilityâ. This has already been achieved by a number
of initiatives which the National Archives is currently leading including
earlier access to government records, the Digital Continuity 2020 Policy, an
end-to-end solution to manage digital government information, and modernisation
of the Archives Act. The National Archives also recommends that the Vision and
Plan recognise Australiaâs strong open government history, culture,
initiatives and policies already in existence, including the Archives Act, to
demonstrate Australia as a leading example of open government well before the
Open Government Partnership came into being. The government also recognises
through legislation such as the Archives Act 1983, the Freedom of Information
Act 1982 and the Privacy Act 1988 the need to restrict the circulation of some
information for a particular time in order to protect the defence and security
of the nation, its relationship with the world, and the privacy of citizens.
The Archives Act entrusts the National Archives with this role in relation to
government information and provides for the exemption from public release of a
number of categories of information including national security, defence,
international relations, confidential information, and personal affairs. When
sensitivities lapse, information that was formerly withheld can be made
available for access. The balance between the need to protect information from
unauthorised use or accidental release, and open government principles should
be considered in development of the Vision. The Australian Governmentâs
policy of open government is well established, and it is therefore well
positioned to contribute to the Open Government Partnership and the National
Action Plan. It will also be well positioned to target areas that require more
effort to continue to advance open government in Australia. The National
Archives has, and will continue to, play a key role in supporting open
government initiatives by carrying out its core functions and by effectively
contributing to Australiaâs National Action Plan for the Open Government
Partnership. Framework The National Archives supports the general framework
outlined in the Australian Government National Action Plan template, and
recommends a clear and strong statement of Open Government achievements to date
from both a contemporary and historical context. We would particularly like to
note Australia as one of the most open archival and government information
access regimes in the world through the management, preservation and provision
of access to government information under the Archives Act. Established by the
Act, one of the National Archivesâ key roles is enabling public access to the
archival resources of the nation. Through this role, the Archives has played a
lead in open government and ensuring that citizens have access to the decisions
and actions of their government, thereby supporting the rights and entitlements
of individuals and promoting accountability and transparency.]]>
CDATA[
This comment is provided by the National Archives of Australia (the National
Archives). The National Archives was established by the Archives Act 1983 as an
executive agency of the Australian Government, although it has existed in
various forms since the 1940s. The National Archives is the lead agency for
ensuring transparency and accountability in government through its legislated
role of setting records and information management requirements for Australian
Government agencies, and preserving and providing a public right of access to
government information.
Open government increases the transparency and accountability of government,
encourages greater public engagement, strengthens governance and improves
public service delivery. The National Archives plays a key role in open
government by promoting the creation, management and preservation of authentic,
reliable and usable Commonwealth information, and facilitating access to this
information.
The Archives Act 1983 provides a broad definition of records and effectively
covers all information created, used or received in the course of Commonwealth
business. Under the Archives Act 1983 (Cth) (Archives Act), the National
Archives:
â¢ identifies the archival resources of the Commonwealth;
â¢ preserves and makes the archival resources of the Commonwealth accessible;
â¢ oversees Commonwealth records management;
â¢ determines standards and provides advice to Commonwealth agencies; and
â¢ imposes recordkeeping obligations in respect of Commonwealth records.
Ready access to this information is vital for maintaining the transparency of
the democratic process and the accountability of successive governments, and is
integral to a successful open government policy. It is from this perspective
and with this legislated role that the National Archives provides the following
observations and comments on the Vision and the framework for the National
Action Plan.
Vision
The National Archives supports a Vision that commits to the improved management
of, and accessibility to, information and records. A key element of this is a
move to fully digital information management and business processes across the
Australian government sector. This aligns with key commitments identified in
the National Action Plans of the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom.
It also aligns with the example Vision statement provided that âOpen
government in the 21st century needs to translate to digital processes and
reporting to improve transparency and accountabilityâ. This has already been
achieved by a number of initiatives which the National Archives is currently
leading including earlier access to government records, the Digital Continuity
2020 Policy, an end-to-end solution to manage digital government information,
and modernisation of the Archives Act.
The National Archives also recommends that the Vision and Plan recognise
Australiaâs strong open government history, culture, initiatives and policies
already in existence, including the Archives Act, to demonstrate Australia as a
leading example of open government well before the Open Government Partnership
came into being.
The government also recognises through legislation such as the Archives Act
1983, the Freedom of Information Act 1982 and the Privacy Act 1988 the need to
restrict the circulation of some information for a particular time in order to
protect the defence and security of the nation, its relationship with the
world, and the privacy of citizens. The Archives Act entrusts the National
Archives with this role in relation to government information and provides for
the exemption from public release of a number of categories of information
including national security, defence, international relations, confidential
information, and personal affairs. When sensitivities lapse, information that
was formerly withheld can be made available for access. The balance between the
need to protect information from unauthorised use or accidental release, and
open government principles should be considered in development of the Vision.
The Australian Governmentâs policy of open government is well established,
and it is therefore well positioned to contribute to the Open Government
Partnership and the National Action Plan. It will also be well positioned to
target areas that require more effort to continue to advance open government in
Australia. The National Archives has, and will continue to, play a key role in
supporting open government initiatives by carrying out its core functions and
by effectively contributing to Australiaâs National Action Plan for the Open
Government Partnership.
Framework
The National Archives supports the general framework outlined in the Australian
Government National Action Plan template, and recommends a clear and strong
statement of Open Government achievements to date from both a contemporary and
historical context. We would particularly like to note Australia as one of the
most open archival and government information access regimes in the world
through the management, preservation and provision of access to government
information under the Archives Act.
Established by the Act, one of the National Archivesâ key roles is enabling
public access to the archival resources of the nation. Through this role, the
Archives has played a lead in open government and ensuring that citizens have
access to the decisions and actions of their government, thereby supporting the
rights and entitlements of individuals and promoting accountability and
transparency.
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-45
CDATA[Nigel Hedgcock]]> Thu, 17 Dec 2015 06:31:58 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-45
CDATA[Thanks Pia and Team For example, PM&C could prepare information suitable
for connecting with Indigenous Australians and utilise extant AG, State and
Territory structures to engage.]]>
CDATA[
Thanks Pia and Team
For example, PM&C could prepare information suitable for connecting with
Indigenous Australians and utilise extant AG, State and Territory structures to
engage.
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-43
CDATA[Pia Waugh]]> Thu, 17 Dec 2015 01:04:22 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-43
CDATA[Thanks for the feedback Nigel, we have been speaking to a few people
about how to broaden the scope and be more inclusive and we are putting
together a strategy for broad outreach to begin in January. If you have any
specific suggestions about groups to include, we would appreciate your (and
everyone's) help with making this as open and inclusive as possible. Warm
regards, Pia and the OGP NAP Coordination Team (PM&C)]]>
CDATA[
Thanks for the feedback Nigel, we have been speaking to a few people about how
to broaden the scope and be more inclusive and we are putting together a
strategy for broad outreach to begin in January. If you have any specific
suggestions about groups to include, we would appreciate your (and everyone’s)
help with making this as open and inclusive as possible.
Warm regards,
Pia and the OGP NAP Coordination Team (PM&C)
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-42
CDATA[Nigel Hedgcock]]> Thu, 17 Dec 2015 00:22:39 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-42
CDATA[I am encouraged that the Australian Government is progressing to
membership of the OGP, particularly considering the foundational principle of
engaging civil society in government decision-making. This is increasing being
demonstrated in social purpose programs where those the programs are intended
to impact are engaged in the decisions on the design, delivery and evaluation
of those programs. However, I am surprised that the current engagement for
gaining membership does not embody that very principle. Informations session in
four major cities and limited consultation structures immediately disengages
and potentailly loses the trust of many sectors of civil society. It is those
most disadvantaged that will be impacted most by this approach to
'engagement']]>
CDATA[
I am encouraged that the Australian Government is progressing to membership of
the OGP, particularly considering the foundational principle of engaging civil
society in government decision-making. This is increasing being demonstrated in
social purpose programs where those the programs are intended to impact are
engaged in the decisions on the design, delivery and evaluation of those
programs.
However, I am surprised that the current engagement for gaining membership does
not embody that very principle. Informations session in four major cities and
limited consultation structures immediately disengages and potentailly loses
the trust of many sectors of civil society. It is those most disadvantaged that
will be impacted most by this approach to ‘engagement’
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-36
CDATA[Pia Waugh]]> Mon, 14 Dec 2015 07:30:20 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-36
CDATA[Many thanks Tim, it is a useful read. It would be good if ART could
please ensure there are specific actions or commitments suggested during stage
2 of the consultation to address all the concerns raised. We were able to
extract some specific recommended actions for the wiki, but not in all areas of
your stage 1 contribution. Warm regards, Pia Waugh and the OGPau team]]>
CDATA[
Many thanks Tim, it is a useful read. It would be good if ART could please
ensure there are specific actions or commitments suggested during stage 2 of
the consultation to address all the concerns raised. We were able to extract
some specific recommended actions for the wiki, but not in all areas of your
stage 1 contribution.
Warm regards,
Pia Waugh and the OGPau team
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-35
CDATA[Pia Waugh]]> Mon, 14 Dec 2015 03:33:44 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-35
CDATA[[Pia Waugh] The following comment was contributed via email from Tim
Smith of the Accountability Round Table and is published here with permission,
along with a link to the longer submission sent. [Tim Smith] I Chair the
Accountability Round Table (http://www.accountabilityrt.org/). Its aims and
objectives mirror those of the Open Government Partnership. It came into
existence in 2006 and, since then, has been seeking to achieve those aims and
objectives at the Commonwealth and State levels. The Government should be
congratulated in recently confirming its commitment to the OGP and embarking
upon the preparation of the National Action Plan. The Australian community has
been provided with a unique and very significant opportunity to reform our
Commonwealth Parliamentary democracy, and indirectly those of the States and
Territories, by addressing, in partnership with the Government, the serious
weaknesses and problems that have developed in our that Democracy. It has the
potential to be the most important development in Australiaâs Democracies
since Federation. Whether that is realised will depend, in large measure, on
the Australian Communityâs response within this new Partnership. ART has made
a submission to the Government addressing the matters raised in this first
stage (Link to submission). In it, ART submits that it will be critical for the
successful formulation of Australiaâs NAP, that the Partnership, from the
outset address the following. 1. Identify what should guide this Partnership
enterprise. This includes - â¢ the Objectives of the OGP and its Mission
Statement, â¢ the nature and purposes of parliamentary democracies and â¢ a
fundamental but long forgotten ethical and common-law principle - that public
office is a public trust and that those holding public office are under a
fiduciary obligation when exercising their powers entrusted to them to place
the public interest first and ahead of their own interests and other private
interests. ART submits that all people who participate in this Partnership
enterprise, should be guided by these matters and principles. We also submit
that the absence of the public office public trust principle from our
Australian consciousness for many years has been a major factor in the problems
that now exist in our Commonwealth Democracy; 2. Accurately and completely
establish not only the past history of our Commonwealth democracy but also its
current reality, good and bad. We submit that significantly more work is needed
to complete this task -- in respect of both the good and the bad. Applying the
above objectives and principles to the actual realities, past and present, the
Partnership can proceed with reasonable confidence in choosing, in the public
interest, the â¢ OGP Grand Challenges and Principles that should be selected
and â¢ the commitments that should be given priority in the NAP. The
Partnership can also articulate its Vision and fine tune the proposed Framework
for the development of the NAP. The Submission discusses these issues, the
relevant evidence and the choices of the OGP Grand Challenges and Principles
that will best serve the public interest in the Commonwealth of Australia. We
hope that it will be found helpful in each stage of this historic exercise.
Full submission available at https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/files/2015/12/ART-
OGP-submission.-Stage-1-Final.3docx.docx]]>
CDATA[
[Pia Waugh] The following comment was contributed via email from Tim Smith of
the Accountability Round Table and is published here with permission, along
with a link to the longer submission sent.
[Tim Smith] I Chair the Accountability Round Table (http://
www.accountabilityrt.org/). Its aims and objectives mirror those of the Open
Government Partnership. It came into existence in 2006 and, since then, has
been seeking to achieve those aims and objectives at the Commonwealth and State
levels.
The Government should be congratulated in recently confirming its commitment to
the OGP and embarking upon the preparation of the National Action Plan. The
Australian community has been provided with a unique and very significant
opportunity to reform our Commonwealth Parliamentary democracy, and indirectly
those of the States and Territories, by addressing, in partnership with the
Government, the serious weaknesses and problems that have developed in our that
Democracy. It has the potential to be the most important development in
Australiaâs Democracies since Federation. Whether that is realised will
depend, in large measure, on the Australian Communityâs response within this
new Partnership.
ART has made a submission to the Government addressing the matters raised in
this first stage (Link to submission). In it, ART submits that it will be
critical for the successful formulation of Australiaâs NAP, that the
Partnership, from the outset address the following.
1. Identify what should guide this Partnership enterprise. This includes –
â¢ the Objectives of the OGP and its Mission Statement,
â¢ the nature and purposes of parliamentary democracies and
â¢ a fundamental but long forgotten ethical and common-law principle – that
public office is a public trust and that those holding public office are under
a fiduciary obligation when exercising their powers entrusted to them to place
the public interest first and ahead of their own interests and other private
interests.
ART submits that all people who participate in this Partnership enterprise,
should be guided by these matters and principles.
We also submit that the absence of the public office public trust principle
from our Australian consciousness for many years has been a major factor in the
problems that now exist in our Commonwealth Democracy;
2. Accurately and completely establish not only the past history of our
Commonwealth democracy but also its current reality, good and bad. We submit
that significantly more work is needed to complete this task — in respect of
both the good and the bad.
Applying the above objectives and principles to the actual realities, past and
present, the Partnership can proceed with reasonable confidence in choosing, in
the public interest, the
â¢ OGP Grand Challenges and Principles that should be selected and
â¢ the commitments that should be given priority in the NAP.
The Partnership can also articulate its Vision and fine tune the proposed
Framework for the development of the NAP.
The Submission discusses these issues, the relevant evidence and the choices of
the OGP Grand Challenges and Principles that will best serve the public
interest in the Commonwealth of Australia.
We hope that it will be found helpful in each stage of this historic exercise.
Full submission available at https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/files/2015/12/ART-
OGP-submission.-Stage-1-Final.3docx.docx
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-31
CDATA[Greg Thompson]]> Fri, 11 Dec 2015 07:14:24 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-31
CDATA[TIA congratulates the Australian Government and Prime Minister Turnbull
for the recent decision to commit to finalizing Australiaâs membership of the
OGP, and for the proactive approach it is taking to public consultation in the
development of the first Australian Government National Action Plan. The OGP
requires broad consultation in the development of the NAP â from the public,
civil society and the private sector. TIAâs comments come from its
perspective as the leading civil society organization promoting transparency,
integrity and accountability, and fighting corruption. Introduction Now that it
has decided to commit to finalizing its membership of the OGP, the government
is moving with commendable speed to draft its first National Action Plan by May
2016, for government consideration in June 2016, and a launch in July 2016.
This speed does bring risks â that the first National Action Plan is
essentially a âgoodwillâ document, not ambitious enough and not containing
commitments of substance. The second risk is that to meet these tight timelines
the consultation process will be structured in a way which downplays the
opportunity for real input from civil society and other non-government sectors.
The Government and its advisers may take the view that it is better to have a
first NAP, however imperfect, and that the NAP process and content will be much
more satisfactory the second time around. TIAâs job, and that of civil
society generally, is to participate as fully as possible in the development of
a first NAP which is ambitious in scope and commitment, and flags priority
areas for future NAPs. TIA is committed to membership of the Australian Open
Government Partnership Network recently constituted The remainder of this short
paper flags some initial comments and areas of interest to TIA. Increasing
Public Integrity The OGP â Australia website has already indicated that the
first National Action Plan will focus on two of the OGPâs five âgrand
challengesâ: Improving Public Services, and More Effectively Managing Public
Resources. This decision was made without public consultation on whether other
âgrand challengesâ should have greater priority, especially Increasing
Public Integrity (âmeasures that address corruption and public ethics, access
to information, campaign finance reform, and media and civil society
freedomâ). Successive Australian Governments have made considerable and
sustained progress in improving public services and more effectively managing
public resources, whereas limited and patchy progress has been made in the
areas of corruption and public ethics, access to information, and campaign
finance reform. In other words, there is much more to do in relation to
increasing public integrity. TIA recommends that the Government include
Increasing Public Integrity as one of its initial âgrand challengesâ.
Identification of specific measures in the Australian NAP Many of the potential
transparency gains from the OGP are cross-cutting issues that affect integrity
in other sectors, other nations and multiple levels of government. In several
countries, including the UK, âopen governmentâ has been used to identify
and implement crucial transparency and accountability measures such as the
establishment of registers of beneficial ownership of companies, lifting the
veil on opaque shell companies that the corrupt use to hold and transfer their
illicit gains, implementing the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative
or developing comprehensive national anti-corruption agencies or comprehensive
national anti-corruption action plans. TIA recommends that the Australian
Government demonstrate its full commitment to participation in the Open
Government Partnership, by undertaking to use open government reforms to meet
the challenge of increasing public integrity in its national action plan, as an
important element in increasing transparency and lowering corruption in
Australia â and in particular by implementing the Extractive Industries
Transparency Initiative, ensuring greater transparency in public procurement,
and committing to a public register of corporate beneficial owners. Right to
Information In 2014 the Federal Government withdrew funding and introduced
legislation to abolish the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
(OAIC) and to reassign its functions to other government agencies and
departments. The legislation has failed to pass the Parliament, and is unlikely
to do so in the foreseeable future, leaving the OAIC âin limboâ and the
national FOI, privacy and information policy regimes in jeopardy. Abolition of
the OAIC and dispersal of its strategic and operational functions between
existing agencies and departments risks fragmentation of access to information
rights and tools, which have historically been crucial in preventing and
exposing corruption. TIA recommends that as part of its development of the
draft National Action Plan the Australian Government should renew its full
support for a strong access to information regime by withdrawing legislation to
abolish the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, re-instating
funding for the OAIC to fulfill its mandate in relation to freedom of
information, privacy, and information policy, and ensuring the prompt
appointment of a new Australian Information Commissioner with full powers,
located in the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet. Multi-stakeholder
oversight group Experience in developing OGP National Action Plans elsewhere
suggests an advisory body or stakeholder group can enhance and add value to the
partnership. The role of civil society in Australiaâs OGP is critical, not
just to ensure Australiaâs OGP membership, but because the initiative is
chaired equally between government and civil society in each country. The
proposed consultation process for the development of Australiaâs first NAP is
excellent as far as it goes, but it does not provide for effective joint civil
society and government input into, and oversight of, the development of the
first NAP. Providing opportunities for feedback and comment is not a substitute
for participation in finalising a draft NAP for government consideration. TIA
therefore recommends that at least one civil society representative is invited
to join the group of officials charged with finalising the draft NAP for
government consideration. In the longer term, TIA recommends the establishment
of a multi-stakeholder oversight group, comprising government, civil society,
the private sector and the communications sector, to ensure ongoing commitment
to fulfilling OGP obligations. TIA affirms the need to involve a range of
departments and agencies across Government. An example of where such
interdepartmental engagement would be beneficial would be necessary and
beneficial is ensuring a link between the OPG process and the fulfillment of
Australiaâs commitment to develop a plan to implement the Sustainable
Development Goals. That process should also be multi-stakeholder involving
government civil society and the private sector.]]>
CDATA[
TIA congratulates the Australian Government and Prime Minister Turnbull for the
recent decision to commit to finalizing Australiaâs membership of the OGP,
and for the proactive approach it is taking to public consultation in the
development of the first Australian Government National Action Plan.
The OGP requires broad consultation in the development of the NAP â from the
public, civil society and the private sector. TIAâs comments come from its
perspective as the leading civil society organization promoting transparency,
integrity and accountability, and fighting corruption.
Introduction
Now that it has decided to commit to finalizing its membership of the OGP, the
government is moving with commendable speed to draft its first National Action
Plan by May 2016, for government consideration in June 2016, and a launch in
July 2016. This speed does bring risks â that the first National Action Plan
is essentially a âgoodwillâ document, not ambitious enough and not
containing commitments of substance. The second risk is that to meet these
tight timelines the consultation process will be structured in a way which
downplays the opportunity for real input from civil society and other non-
government sectors. The Government and its advisers may take the view that it
is better to have a first NAP, however imperfect, and that the NAP process and
content will be much more satisfactory the second time around. TIAâs job, and
that of civil society generally, is to participate as fully as possible in the
development of a first NAP which is ambitious in scope and commitment, and
flags priority areas for future NAPs. TIA is committed to membership of the
Australian Open Government Partnership Network recently constituted
The remainder of this short paper flags some initial comments and areas of
interest to TIA.
Increasing Public Integrity
The OGP â Australia website has already indicated that the first National
Action Plan will focus on two of the OGPâs five âgrand challengesâ:
Improving Public Services, and More Effectively Managing Public Resources. This
decision was made without public consultation on whether other âgrand
challengesâ should have greater priority, especially Increasing Public
Integrity (âmeasures that address corruption and public ethics, access to
information, campaign finance reform, and media and civil society freedomâ).
Successive Australian Governments have made considerable and sustained progress
in improving public services and more effectively managing public resources,
whereas limited and patchy progress has been made in the areas of corruption
and public ethics, access to information, and campaign finance reform. In other
words, there is much more to do in relation to increasing public integrity. TIA
recommends that the Government include Increasing Public Integrity as one of
its initial âgrand challengesâ.
Identification of specific measures in the Australian NAP
Many of the potential transparency gains from the OGP are cross-cutting issues
that affect integrity in other sectors, other nations and multiple levels of
government. In several countries, including the UK, âopen governmentâ has
been used to identify and implement crucial transparency and accountability
measures such as the establishment of registers of beneficial ownership of
companies, lifting the veil on opaque shell companies that the corrupt use to
hold and transfer their illicit gains, implementing the Extractive Industries
Transparency Initiative or developing comprehensive national anti-corruption
agencies or comprehensive national anti-corruption action plans.
TIA recommends that the Australian Government demonstrate its full commitment
to participation in the Open Government Partnership, by undertaking to use open
government reforms to meet the challenge of increasing public integrity in its
national action plan, as an important element in increasing transparency and
lowering corruption in Australia â and in particular by implementing the
Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, ensuring greater transparency in
public procurement, and committing to a public register of corporate beneficial
owners.
Right to Information
In 2014 the Federal Government withdrew funding and introduced legislation to
abolish the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) and to
reassign its functions to other government agencies and departments. The
legislation has failed to pass the Parliament, and is unlikely to do so in the
foreseeable future, leaving the OAIC âin limboâ and the national FOI,
privacy and information policy regimes in jeopardy. Abolition of the OAIC and
dispersal of its strategic and operational functions between existing agencies
and departments risks fragmentation of access to information rights and tools,
which have historically been crucial in preventing and exposing corruption.
TIA recommends that as part of its development of the draft National Action
Plan the Australian Government should renew its full support for a strong
access to information regime by withdrawing legislation to abolish the Office
of the Australian Information Commissioner, re-instating funding for the OAIC
to fulfill its mandate in relation to freedom of information, privacy, and
information policy, and ensuring the prompt appointment of a new Australian
Information Commissioner with full powers, located in the Department of the
Prime Minister and Cabinet.
Multi-stakeholder oversight group
Experience in developing OGP National Action Plans elsewhere suggests an
advisory body or stakeholder group can enhance and add value to the
partnership. The role of civil society in Australiaâs OGP is critical, not
just to ensure Australiaâs OGP membership, but because the initiative is
chaired equally between government and civil society in each country.
The proposed consultation process for the development of Australiaâs first
NAP is excellent as far as it goes, but it does not provide for effective joint
civil society and government input into, and oversight of, the development of
the first NAP. Providing opportunities for feedback and comment is not a
substitute for participation in finalising a draft NAP for government
consideration. TIA therefore recommends that at least one civil society
representative is invited to join the group of officials charged with
finalising the draft NAP for government consideration.
In the longer term, TIA recommends the establishment of a multi-stakeholder
oversight group, comprising government, civil society, the private sector and
the communications sector, to ensure ongoing commitment to fulfilling OGP
obligations.
TIA affirms the need to involve a range of departments and agencies across
Government. An example of where such interdepartmental engagement would be
beneficial would be necessary and beneficial is ensuring a link between the OPG
process and the fulfillment of Australiaâs commitment to develop a plan to
implement the Sustainable Development Goals. That process should also be multi-
stakeholder involving government civil society and the private sector.
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-29
CDATA[Alan Wolfe]]> Fri, 11 Dec 2015 02:17:14 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-29
CDATA[Great news that the government is moving in this direction and we look
forward to progressing this issue together. However, I must agree with Peter
that the selection of the Grand Challenges without any consultation is an issue
and somewhat contrary to the spirit of the OGP. It could be argued the the
current two Grand Challenges do not sufficiently address transparency or
corruption, especially when one considers that the OGP's self-description
prioritises transparency, corruption AND governance, ("... a multilateral
initiative that aims to secure concrete commitments from governments to promote
transparency, empower citizens, fight corruption, and harness new technologies
to strengthen governance.") It was heartening to see mention made of natural
resources - this is an area that Australia could specialise in and contribute
to the global movement. With Working Groups on this issue just being
established in the global OGP movement, it would be great if we could push the
envelope.]]>
CDATA[
Great news that the government is moving in this direction and we look forward
to progressing this issue together.
However, I must agree with Peter that the selection of the Grand Challenges
without any consultation is an issue and somewhat contrary to the spirit of the
OGP. It could be argued the the current two Grand Challenges do not
sufficiently address transparency or corruption, especially when one considers
that the OGP’s self-description prioritises transparency, corruption AND
governance, (“… a multilateral initiative that aims to secure concrete
commitments from governments to promote transparency, empower citizens, fight
corruption, and harness new technologies to strengthen governance.”)
It was heartening to see mention made of natural resources – this is an area
that Australia could specialise in and contribute to the global movement. With
Working Groups on this issue just being established in the global OGP movement,
it would be great if we could push the envelope.
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-28
CDATA[Amelia Loye]]> Thu, 10 Dec 2015 17:00:04 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-28
CDATA[This looks like a good consultation process Pia and Co. It is clear what
will happen next and how we might get involved, it's been well promoted (but I
am actively tuned in), there is sufficient time for those interested to
consider information presented, there are multiple methods (and points in the
process) to provide input and for Gov to consolidate, respond to and consider
it. I hope we will also see good use of citizen engagement, technology and data
to understand social issues / community needs and refining service delivery;
and support the potential in our community to manage public resources. I would
also like to see public participation in the way we deliver, report and monitor
delivery of this National Action Plan - not just public reporting.]]>
CDATA[
This looks like a good consultation process Pia and Co. It is clear what will
happen next and how we might get involved, it’s been well promoted (but I am
actively tuned in), there is sufficient time for those interested to consider
information presented, there are multiple methods (and points in the process)
to provide input and for Gov to consolidate, respond to and consider it.
I hope we will also see good use of citizen engagement, technology and data to
understand social issues / community needs and refining service delivery; and
support the potential in our community to manage public resources. I would also
like to see public participation in the way we deliver, report and monitor
delivery of this National Action Plan – not just public reporting.
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/consultation-stage-1-preparation-framework-and-
history/#comment-26
CDATA[Pia Waugh]]> Wed, 09 Dec 2015 21:15:17 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=223#comment-26
CDATA[On the note about the framework, please do make the suggestion of such a
collaborative structure as a commitment for consideration.]]>
CDATA[
On the note about the framework, please do make the suggestion of such a
collaborative structure as a commitment for consideration.
]]>
