Consultation – Open Government Partnership – Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Tue, 08 Nov 2016 06:07:31 +0000 en-AU hourly 1
Announcing the members of the Interim Working Group for Australia’s OGP
National Action Plan
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/announcing-the-members-of-the-interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/announcing-the-members-of-the-interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan/\#respond
Tue, 30 Aug 2016 07:47:15 +0000 ogpteam Updates Consultation engagement
Interim Working Group http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=587 The Department
of the Prime Minister and Cabinet is pleased to announce the members of
the Interim Working Group for Australia’s Open Government Partnership
(OGP) National Action Plan. The Group is comprised of six government and
six non-government members, keeping &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/announcing-the-members-of-the-interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/announcing-the-members-of-the-interim-working-group-for-australias-ogp-national-action-plan/feed/
0
Engagement update – 1st March
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/\#comments Mon, 29 Feb 2016
13:47:15 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates Consultation
engagement http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=461 OGP engagement update
&\#8211; 1st March by Amelia Loye engage2 It&\#8217;s a great honour to
be supporting the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet (PM&\#38;C)
to engage civil society in Open Government. I have had a wonderful
couple of weeks &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/"&gt;Continue reading
&lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/feed/ 2
An update from the coordination team, and a reminder to contribute to
Stage 2
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/december-update/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/december-update/\#comments Mon, 21 Dec
2015 21:21:37 +0000 Helen Owens Updates Consultation
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=365 I would like to thank  all of the
participants that joined us at the Open Government Partnership citizen
information sessions held in Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra and Melbourne
last week.  Your participation, enthusiasm and contribution to the
development of the Australian &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/december-update/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/december-update/feed/ 1
Register to attend an OGP Australia information session
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/\#comments
Mon, 30 Nov 2015 05:30:16 +0000 Pia Waugh Updates Consultation events
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=343 To support the OGP consultation
process to develop an Australian Government National Action Plan by July
2016, we are running a series of information sessions in the week of
14-18 December in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra. The Canberra
session &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/register-to-attend-an-ogp-australia-information-session/feed/
4
