Comments on: An update from the coordination team, and a reminder to
contribute to Stage 2
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/december-update/ Developing the Australian
Government National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov 2016 00:39:34 +0000 hourly 1
By: Carmel Benjamin
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/december-update/\#comment-55 Carmel
Benjamin Fri, 08 Jan 2016 03:23:57 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=365\#comment-55 I am a co-convenor of
Ican, the Independent Community Accountability Network, an organisation
dedicated to engaging members of the public in active, non-partisan
support for the principle of public office, public trust. Ican promotes
and is an advocate of a corruption free government of integrity and
accountability. The organization is concerned that members of the
community take an active interest in, and responsibility for, the
quality of its own democracy. Carmel Benjamin AM &lt;p&gt;I am a
co-convenor of Ican, the Independent Community Accountability Network,
an organisation dedicated to engaging members of the public in active,
non-partisan support for the principle of public office, public trust.
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Ican promotes and is an advocate of a corruption
free government of integrity and accountability. The organization is
concerned that members of the community take an active interest in, and
responsibility for, the quality of its own democracy.&lt;br /&gt; Carmel
Benjamin AM&lt;/p&gt;
