amelialoye – Open Government Partnership – Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Tue, 08 Nov 2016 06:07:31 +0000 en-AU hourly 1
Results of the co-creation workshop and ongoing engagement
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/results-of-the-co-creation-workshop-and-ongoing-engagement/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/results-of-the-co-creation-workshop-and-ongoing-engagement/\#comments
Mon, 18 Apr 2016 05:43:56 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=546 Last Monday, 11th April 2016, we
held the co-creation workshop for Australia&\#8217;s first National
Action Plan (NAP) for Open Government. Stakeholders from civil society
and Government came together in Canberra to discuss suggest actions,
prioritise them and draft commitment templates. &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/results-of-the-co-creation-workshop-and-ongoing-engagement/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/results-of-the-co-creation-workshop-and-ongoing-engagement/feed/
2
Collation of suggested actions and comments
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/collation-of-suggested-actions-and-comments/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/collation-of-suggested-actions-and-comments/\#comments
Sun, 10 Apr 2016 11:19:07 +0000 amelialoye Submissions Received
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=536 Here is a collation of all suggested
actions and comments on the wiki and this blog up to 10th April 2016.
You can download and print two versions from this page: PDF version: OGP
Wiki Submissions 10042016 Excel version: OGP &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/collation-of-suggested-actions-and-comments/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/collation-of-suggested-actions-and-comments/feed/
1
Stage three: prioritisation and drafting workshop
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/stage-three-prioritisation-and-drafting-workshop/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/stage-three-prioritisation-and-drafting-workshop/\#respond
Sat, 09 Apr 2016 02:22:37 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=528 Submissions for the Australia’s
first National Action Plan for Open Government have now closed. You can
view and comment on the suggested actions on the wiki. This marks the
end of Stage 2 of our engagement process, which was designed &\#8230;
&lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/stage-three-prioritisation-and-drafting-workshop/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/stage-three-prioritisation-and-drafting-workshop/feed/
0
OGPAU theme teleconference times
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/\#comments
Thu, 24 Mar 2016 02:44:57 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
Updates http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=513 If you have suggested an
action for Australian National Action Plan for Open Government you will
received an invite to a teleconference with others whose actions relate
to the same theme from me shortly. The purpose of the teleconferences is
&\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/ogp-theme-teleconference-times/feed/ 5
Engagement update – 22 March
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-22-march/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-22-march/\#comments Tue,
22 Mar 2016 16:59:37 +0000 amelialoye Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=509 We now have 70 suggested actions for
how to Open Government in Australia on the wiki. Have you made your
suggestion yet? Submissions close at 5pm on the 31st March. Save the
date! Everyone who suggests an action will be &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-22-march/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-22-march/feed/ 1
Engagement update – 11 March
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-11-march/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-11-march/\#comments Fri,
11 Mar 2016 02:04:59 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=482 Thank you to those if you who have
suggested an action to date. 60 actions have been suggested and
I&\#8217;m aware of a few more currently being drafted. I have reached
out to as many groups and individuals I can &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-11-march/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/engagement-update-11-march/feed/ 1
What I’m learning about Open Gov in Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/\#comments
Fri, 11 Mar 2016 02:03:21 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=490 I’ve really enjoyed meeting with the
teams responsible for Open Government initiatives inside Government
across Australia. I have talked at length or met with representatives
from QLD, NSW, VIC, SA, ACT and WA Government’s but I am still trying to
&\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/what-im-learning-about-open-gov-in-australia/feed/
3
Engagement update – 1st March
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/\#comments Mon, 29 Feb 2016
13:47:15 +0000 amelialoye Consultation Stage Updates Consultation
engagement http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=461 OGP engagement update
&\#8211; 1st March by Amelia Loye engage2 It&\#8217;s a great honour to
be supporting the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet (PM&\#38;C)
to engage civil society in Open Government. I have had a wonderful
couple of weeks &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/"&gt;Continue reading
&lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/get-involved/feed/ 2
