Submissions Received – Open Government Partnership – Australia
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au Developing the Australian Government
National Action Plan Tue, 08 Nov 2016 06:07:31 +0000 en-AU hourly 1
Submission from the Accountability Round Table to the Interim Working
Group
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-from-the-accountability-round-table-to-the-interim-working-group/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-from-the-accountability-round-table-to-the-interim-working-group/\#respond
Mon, 05 Sep 2016 00:28:27 +0000 ogpteam Submissions Received
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=593 This is a full reproduction of a
submission received from the Accountability Round Table on 4 September
2016. On Saturday, the AGM of the Accountability Round Table Ltd took
place. (for details re the ART
&\#8211; https://www.accountabilityrt.org/about/) .  It will not
&\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-from-the-accountability-round-table-to-the-interim-working-group/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-from-the-accountability-round-table-to-the-interim-working-group/feed/
0
Collation of suggested actions and comments
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/collation-of-suggested-actions-and-comments/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/collation-of-suggested-actions-and-comments/\#comments
Sun, 10 Apr 2016 11:19:07 +0000 amelialoye Submissions Received
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=536 Here is a collation of all suggested
actions and comments on the wiki and this blog up to 10th April 2016.
You can download and print two versions from this page: PDF version: OGP
Wiki Submissions 10042016 Excel version: OGP &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/collation-of-suggested-actions-and-comments/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/collation-of-suggested-actions-and-comments/feed/
1
Submission from the Australian Open Government Network (AOGPN)
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/\#comments Tue, 02 Feb
2016 22:54:39 +0000 Toby Bellwood Submissions Received
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=383 This is a full reproduction of a
submission received from the Australian Open Government Network on
February 2 2016. &\#160; Australian Open Government network I am writing
on behalf of the Steering Committee of the Australian Open Government
Partnership Network &\#8230; &lt;a
href="https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/"&gt;Continue
reading &lt;span class="meta-nav"&gt;&\#8594;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/feed/ 3
