Comments on: Second Inter-Departmental Committee meeting
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/second-idc/ Developing the Australian
Government National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov 2016 00:39:34 +0000 hourly 1
By: Australia’s OGP ambition shouldn’t be sidelined during election
campaign – Australian Open Government Partnership Civil Society Network
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/second-idc/\#comment-720
Australia&\#8217;s OGP ambition shouldn&\#8217;t be sidelined during
election campaign &\#8211; Australian Open Government Partnership Civil
Society Network Mon, 30 May 2016 02:17:34 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=523\#comment-720 \[&\#8230;\] Government
agencies meantime adopted a narrower focus suggesting the following
initiatives, none of which have been the subject of any elaboration or
dialogue with those outside government during the OGP plan process:
\[&\#8230;\] &lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\] Government agencies meantime adopted
a narrower focus suggesting the following initiatives, none of which
have been the subject of any elaboration or dialogue with those outside
government during the OGP plan process: \[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
By: I’m off to draft Australia’s first Open Government National Action
Plan | OpenAus
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/second-idc/\#comment-365 I&\#8217;m off to
draft Australia&\#8217;s first Open Government National Action Plan
&\#124; OpenAus Fri, 08 Apr 2016 00:50:58 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=523\#comment-365 \[&\#8230;\] April 5th,
the agencies responsible for delivering the Open Government Partnership
National Action Plan came \[&\#8230;\] &lt;p&gt;\[&\#8230;\] April 5th,
the agencies responsible for delivering the Open Government Partnership
National Action Plan came \[&\#8230;\]&lt;/p&gt;
By: Rosie Williams
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/second-idc/\#comment-363 Rosie Williams
Thu, 07 Apr 2016 21:07:15 +0000
http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=523\#comment-363 I have been running a
survey over the past months of attitudes and concerns regarding
transparency and accountability in Australia. The survey asks people to
tick their concerns, share the tools and resources the use to
investigate accountability issues and also offer their own ideas for how
to improve transparency in Australia. The overview is at
https://infoaus.net/openaus/ideas.php Results for individual questions
can be found at https://infoaus.net/openaus/survey.php &lt;p&gt;I have
been running a survey over the past months of attitudes and concerns
regarding transparency and accountability in Australia. The survey asks
people to tick their concerns, share the tools and resources the use to
investigate accountability issues and also offer their own ideas for how
to improve transparency in Australia.&lt;br /&gt; The overview is at
&lt;a href="https://infoaus.net/openaus/ideas.php"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://infoaus.net/openaus/ideas.php&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br
/&gt; Results for individual questions can be found at &lt;a
href="https://infoaus.net/openaus/survey.php"
rel="nofollow"&gt;https://infoaus.net/openaus/survey.php&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
