<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/ Developing the Australian
Government National Action Plan Wed, 09 Nov 2016 00:39:34 +0000 hourly 1
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/#comment-468
CDATA[How can the OGP help Australians move things forward? | OpenAus]]> Tue,
19 Apr 2016 23:05:41 +0000 http://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=383#comment-468
CDATA[[…] to do be eligible to be a member of the Open Government Partnership?
If civil society leaders are shouting from the rooftops that they are concerned
with any number of retrograde steps being implemented by the government […]]]>
CDATA[
[…] to do be eligible to be a member of the Open Government Partnership? If
civil society leaders are shouting from the rooftops that they are concerned
with any number of retrograde steps being implemented by the government […]
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/#comment-318
CDATA[amelialoye]]> Mon, 28 Mar 2016 22:51:36 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=383#comment-318
CDATA[Thanks Peter, I understand. I just want to ensure we make the most of the
time we have. I have seen some people commenting on others suggestions on the
wiki and want to encourage more of that kind of three way engagement. As
stated, I thought it would be useful to introduce everyone making submissions
before they close on Thursday, and before the event in Canberra on the 11th. I
understand not everyone will be able to make these times, particularly given
the short notice and time of year. These events have been designed,
responsively, to complement engagement through the wiki and the email
invitations are an introduction to further engage with each other. I will also
post the notes from each teleconference under themes to encourage more ongoing
discussion online. Amelia]]>
CDATA[
Thanks Peter, I understand. I just want to ensure we make the most of the time
we have. I have seen some people commenting on others suggestions on the wiki
and want to encourage more of that kind of three way engagement. As stated, I
thought it would be useful to introduce everyone making submissions before they
close on Thursday, and before the event in Canberra on the 11th. I understand
not everyone will be able to make these times, particularly given the short
notice and time of year. These events have been designed, responsively, to
complement engagement through the wiki and the email invitations are an
introduction to further engage with each other. I will also post the notes from
each teleconference under themes to encourage more ongoing discussion online.
Amelia
]]>
https://ogpau.govspace.gov.au/submission-aogpn/#comment-308
CDATA[Peter Timmins]]> Sat, 26 Mar 2016 11:26:11 +0000 http://
ogpau.govspace.gov.au/?p=383#comment-308
CDATA[Hi Amelia, I understand and welcome the sentiments behind your initiative
to facilitate dialogue before the government run event on 11 April between
those who have submitted suggestions for commitments on the same theme. But to
receive an invitation on Thursday before Easter to participate in
teleconferences at nominated times on Tuesday and Wednesday, the first days
after the Easter break, is unlikely to lead to optimal engagement. Tuesday is a
shocker for me personally although I will give it a shake including 1530-1630
the times allocated for Freedom of Information, a topic especially important to
me and in the scheme of things, a subject of central importance when we are
talking about reforms to advance open transparent government. Another member of
the Network, one of Australia's leading authorities on access to information
issues tells me he is away over the break including these days when he will be
remote from any opportunity to participate. The Australian Open Govenment
Partnership Network and its members are interested in the full range of themes
but our resources are such that dropping everything to participate over two
days at such short notice is just not possible. Sure we can attempt to connect
up ourselves but the limited notice at this time of the year-the most 'away'
time on the Australian calendar- shouldn't go unremarked.]]>
CDATA[
Hi Amelia,
I understand and welcome the sentiments behind your initiative to facilitate
dialogue before the government run event on 11 April between those who have
submitted suggestions for commitments on the same theme.
But to receive an invitation on Thursday before Easter to participate in
teleconferences at nominated times on Tuesday and Wednesday, the first days
after the Easter break, is unlikely to lead to optimal engagement.
Tuesday is a shocker for me personally although I will give it a shake
including 1530-1630 the times allocated for Freedom of Information, a topic
especially important to me and in the scheme of things, a subject of central
importance when we are talking about reforms to advance open transparent
government.
Another member of the Network, one of Australia’s leading authorities on access
to information issues tells me he is away over the break including these days
when he will be remote from any opportunity to participate.
The Australian Open Govenment Partnership Network and its members are
interested in the full range of themes but our resources are such that dropping
everything to participate over two days at such short notice is just not
possible.
Sure we can attempt to connect up ourselves but the limited notice at this time
of the year-the most ‘away’ time on the Australian calendar- shouldn’t go
unremarked.
]]>
